I am all over, right?
I'll show you.
Ah!
He's coming. He's coming.
What do you think you are a little girl?
Let's go to jail
Ok ok
What kind of man is cowardly?
In my last life, I was also very proud of saving him
But when I hope for bad luck
The woman even laughed
Do you see it right?
Fine
Yeah, that's good.
You heard about it?
Our company has also parachuted a leader
I saved a woman yesterday
The boss also held a special recognition meeting for him
I heard that this Fang is amazing
It's all on the news
This is a great opportunity for our company to make a name for itself
After the chairperson heard about this?
Today's regular meeting has been specially changed to a recognition meeting
Let us learn from the spirit of Mr. Fang's courage
Just be quiet.
Let me introduce you to everyone
This is our new vice president
I'm sure everyone knows what happened yesterday
Let's applaud Mr. Fang
It's You
how
Do you know each other?
I can't talk about knowing
After all, a poor egg without seeds
Not worthy of me to know